I'm Smosh fat I didn't really have
any faults as such as it was something I
was interested in doing I tried quite a
few other techniques in terms of losing
weight but came over quite emotional
minds I didn't really expect I thought I
just do the month that I'd applied for
and then see how it went I seem to work
out or I joined in September's 2011 and
I've lost nearly three-and-a-half stone
and I've managed to keep weight off so
in terms of benefits it's been something
that I've been able to incorporate into
my daily life so the exercise their diet
the nutrition it's all now part of my
lifestyle
smash that means to me it's the way of
living I see it as it's a way is a
lifestyle that if some people it works
for some people it doesn't work for
others but for me it's really work and
its massive fat things that I can lose
weight maintain the way and still he
live them enjoyable life I did the
takeaway and I thought I'm going to go
well go all up sighs if a smashing one
and i was able to do that for three
months and then obviously just recently
you've been doing the obtained bridge
was tough to begin with but actually in
terms of when you start thinking of how
the high-fat the low-carb it actually
makes sense and it's something that i
enjoyed we're not first bit but as it's
gone along this should have been done
cutting out sugar has been tough because
i think that's been my nemesis but with
perseverance anything is possible
when you see the results for me I'm a
visual person so being able to come in
once a week and then stand and see wow
you've lost over 21 centimeters of your
waist you've lost over 4 12 and 20 kilos
that knee just shows that it's working